Custom Controller Example Page on Agones Website (#3725)
googleforgames/agones: examples/custom-controller/README.md

# Custom Controller for Agones Game Servers

This is an example of how to write a customer controller integrated with Agones resources.

> This example shows how to create, deploy and run a Custom Kubernetes Controller for Agones that logs changes to GameServers and modifies their labels.

Reviewer: As per the other ones, this should link to the documentation page we're writing now.

Author: I've made all the suggested changes.

# Custom Controller for Agones Game Servers

> 
> Custom Controller is an example of how to deploy a controller that fits your needs. This
> Custom Controller example helps manage game servers more easily by tracking and  
> logging detailed information whenever they are created, updated, or removed. This improves
> your ability to see and control the servers without needing deep technical knowledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of how to write a a customer controller integrated with Agones resources.

This example shows how to create, deploy and run a Custom Kubernetes Controller for Agones that logs changes to GameServers and modifies their labels.
```
